Hello and welcome to the Kotlin for Java
Developers course. My name is Tim Buchalka
and I'm your instructor in this course.
Now, you might be surprised as you go
through the course to find that the
videos have been recorded by another
co-instructor. Her name is Sarah Ettritch
and she originally published this
course on my learn programming academy
udemy channel. That's another channel
that I've got or I work with
co-instructors creating more computer
programming courses. Now, Sarah is now
unavailable to update and enhance this
course and add new content so what I've
done is rather than let the course lapse
and get any more outdated, I'll get me
more outdated. I've taken it over with
the goal of making it now a more
up-to-date course and adding new content
to it. So I just wanted to make it clear
that if you're looking at the videos and
wondering well this is a Tim Buchalka
course but why isn't Tim doing the
videos, that's going to happen now over
the coming months. Today in Australia
it's the 1st of February 2019 and it's the day that I've taken over this channel or
taken over this course, I
should say, and I'm here to update it so
if you've been through the course
already and now looking at this video
I would suggest you actually go through to
the end of the course
and there's a link there to a survey
where you actually leave some
feedback on what you like to disliked
about the course things you'd like
updated added and so on and so forth and
that would be very valuable if you could
take a few moments to fill that out
because that will give me the feedback
that I need to update the course because
I know that now that we've moved forward
the course was great when Kotlin came
out a few years ago when the course was
released a few years ago but Kotlin has
matured as a programming language and
there's more features that we need to
add to this course, of course to make it a
really effective course, so to that,
feel free to supply some feedback by
going to the last section of the course
and you see that there's a lecture there
with details on how to fill out that
survey. That would be much appreciated
The other thing I wanted to let you know
is that Goran, this guy, he's going to be
also an instructor in the course and
he's going to be helping me with the QA,
answering your questions in the Q&A
section of the course. So look out for
Goran as well he's an expert Java and
Kotlin developer perfectly positioned to
provide that support so between the two
of us were here to make this
a great Kotlin course and to give you
the information skills about Kotlin that
you can take on your Kotlin journey to
become a better programmer
So with that in mind I'm
going to say goodbye and I'll see you in
the video and you'll see me popping up
in videos in the future over the coming
months as I start updating the course
and releasing new content. Any questions
feel free to contact us and just one
last thing in the resources section of
this video I think I mentioned that
there's a link and you can find the
resources section in the left hand
corner of this video you'll see that
there's a link to an announcement that I
made in the course related to this
situation with myself, and Sarah and
who's taking over the course so feel
free to check that out and comment on
that etc as needed as well
Let's end the video
here and you can get started now with the
course in the next video cheers for now